Evon End User License Agreement

Copyright Notice: Evon License; Copyright (c) 2022 Linux Dojo Pty. Ltd. All
rights reserved.

Redistribution of Evon and related documents is not permitted unless
permitted by the copyright owner.

You agree not to reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, modify, translate,
make any attempt to discover the source code of this software, or create
derivative works from this software.

Evon is bundled with other open source software components, some of which
fall under different licenses. By using Evon or any of the bundled components,
you agree to be bound by the conditions of the license for each respective
component.

This software is provided “as is” and any expressed or implied warranties,
including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and
fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed. In no event shall Linux Dojo
Pty. Ltd. be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or
consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute
goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption)
however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict
liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of
the use of this software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.

License Grant: Linux Dojo Pty. Ltd. is the sole distributor of Evon licenses.
This agreement and licenses granted by it may not be assigned, sublicensed, or
otherwise transferred by licensee without prior written consent of Linux Dojo
Pty. Ltd. Any licenses violating this provision will be subject to revocation
and deactivation and will not be eligible for refunds. Linux Dojo Pty. Ltd.
grants you a limited license to use Evon for your business or personal use only
and solely in compliance with this EULA. No other transfer of Evon is permitted
and your license to Evon is otherwise non-assignable and non-transferable.

For as long as Linux Dojo Pty. Ltd. supports the version of the Software that
you are using, this License includes such minor updates, bug fixes or
maintenance releases for the Software as Linux Dojo Pty. Ltd. may, in its sole
discretion, make available from time to time on a general commercial basis.
Helpdesk support, engineering support, and new releases, versions or updates
classified by the manufacturer as an improved version of the Software are not
included with this License and, when offered, may require the payment of
additional fees.

This Agreement is effective as of the date of purchase or subscription of the
Evon software and continues until expiration of all License Terms, unless
earlier terminated. Upon any expiration or termination of this Agreement, your
license to the Software terminates (even if the License Term is identified as
“perpetual” or if no expiration date is specified in your order) and you must
cease using and delete (or at our request, return) all Software and Confidential
Information or other materials of Linux Dojo Pty. Ltd. in your possession,
including on any third-party systems operated on your behalf.  You will certify
such deletion upon our request.

We may modify the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including Linux Dojo
Policies) from time to time, with notice given to you by email, through the
Software or through our website.  Together with notice, we will specify the
effective date of the modifications.

Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade names,
trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required
for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work.
